lang=af,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    Afrikaans
lang=ar,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  rtl=1                     العربية
lang=be,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             беларуская
lang=bg,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             български
lang=ca,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    català
lang=cs,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             čeština
lang=da,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    dansk
lang=de,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    Deutsch
lang=el,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    Ελληνικά
lang=en,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             English
lang=es,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    español
lang=eu,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             euskara
lang=fa,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  dir=rtl,  rtl=1           فارسی
lang=fi,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    suomi
lang=fr,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    français
lang=he,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  dir=rtl,  rtl=1           עברית
lang=hr,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             hrvatski
lang=hu,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             magyar
lang=it,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    italiano
lang=ja,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    日本語
lang=ko,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    한국어
lang=lt,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             lietuvių
lang=lv,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             latviešu
lang=ms,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    Melayu
lang=mt,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             Malti
lang=nl,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    Nederlands
lang=no,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    norsk
lang=pl,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    polski
lang=pt,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  auto=1                    português
lang=pt_BR,        charset=utf-8,  titles=1,  fallback=pt,  auto=1      português (Brasil)
lang=ro,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             română
lang=ru,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    русский
lang=sk,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             slovenčina
lang=sl,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             slovenščina
lang=sv,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             svenska
lang=th,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    ไทย
lang=tr,           charset=utf-8,  titles=1                             Türkçe
lang=uk,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             українська
lang=ur,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  rtl=1                     اردو
lang=vi,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0                             Tiếng Việt
lang=zh,           charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    中文 (简体)
lang=zh_TW,        charset=utf-8,  titles=0,  auto=1                    中文 (繁體)